Create page draft for CollaborationFest 2026 (#149)
OBF/OBF.github.io: content/page/obf-bosc-collaborationfest-2026.md

---
author: hmenager
cover:
  alt: CoFest-2022
  image: https://open-bio.org/wp-content/uploads/2022/08/image4.jpg
date: "2025-02-16T09:35:44+00:00" #creation date
title: CollaborationFest 2026
url: /events/bosc-2026/collaborationfest
aliases:

>   - /events/bosc/collaborationfest/

Reviewer: Once it's committed, let's be sure to test the alias

bosc: yes
---

CollaborationFest 2026 will be a collaborative work event at which participants work together to contribute code, documentation, training materials, and challenging analysis problems and use cases. If you are interested in learning and contributing in an intensely collaborative environment, then CollaborationFest is for you. Bring your own project ideas or come ready to collaborate with others on their projects!

![Participants at CoFest 2025](static/img/2025/bosc2025-img/CoFest room - Iddo.jpeg)

> BOSC has organized CollaborationFests (aka CoFests) every year before or after ISMB since 2010 (see, for example, [the 2025 CoFest page](https://www.open-bio.org/events/bosc-2025/ismb-collaborationfest-2025/).).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
BOSC has organized CollaborationFests (aka CoFests) every year before or after ISMB since 2010 (see, for example, [the 2025 CoFest page](https://www.open-bio.org/events/bosc-2025/ismb-collaborationfest-2025/)).
```

### Dates

Friday July 17 to Saturday July 18 (right after ISMB 2026).

### How to sign up

{{< columns >}}

> Due to space constraints, participation in CollaborationFest is limited. A registration link will be available shortly.

Reviewer: Note that participation is free

Limited remote participation will be possible, but engagement opportunities will depend on the people and projects active on the day. A video feed from the room will be available, but joining will require you to be a registered (virtual or in-person) ISMB/ECCB participant.

{{< column >}}

![Lunch at CoFest 2023](/wp-content/uploads/2023/08/CoFest2023-lunch-1-736x1024.png)

{{< endcolumns >}}

### CollaborationFest News and Activities

As we get closer to BOSC 2026 and the CollaborationFest, we will add relevant news and activities here. Note that some of
these activities are on dynamically updated Github pages, and will only be fully ready "the day of", or shortly before.

### Code of Conduct

> As part of ISMB/ECCB 2025, CollaborationFest 2025 is covered by the [ISCB Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct](https://www.iscb.org/iscb-policy-statements/iscb-code-of-ethics-and-professional-conduct).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an OBF-organized event, CollaborationFest 2026 is covered by the [OBF Code of Conduct](https://github.com/OBF/obf-docs/blob/master/code-of-conduct/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
```
